docs: enhance Braintrust AI SDK integration guide with native wrapper (#1)
braintrustdata/ai-sdk: content/providers/05-observability/braintrust.mdx

```
OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_ENDPOINT=https://api.braintrust.dev/otel
OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_HEADERS="Authorization=Bearer <Your API Key>, x-bt-parent=project_id:<Your Project ID>"
```

Traced LLM calls will appear under the Braintrust project or experiment provided in the `x-bt-parent` header.

When you call the AI SDK, make sure to set `experimental_telemetry`:

```typescript
const result = await generateText({
  model: openai("gpt-4o-mini"),
  prompt: "What is 2 + 2?",
  experimental_telemetry: {
    isEnabled: true,
    metadata: {
      query: "weather",
      location: "San Francisco",
    },
  },
});
```

<Note>
The integration supports streaming functions like `streamText`. Each streamed call will produce `ai.streamText` spans in Braintrust.

```typescript
import { openai } from "@ai-sdk/openai";
import { streamText } from "ai";

export async function POST(req: Request) {
  const { prompt } = await req.json();

  const result = await streamText({
    model: openai("gpt-4o-mini"),
    prompt,
    experimental_telemetry: { isEnabled: true },
  });

  return result.toDataStreamResponse();
}
```
</Note>

### Node.js

> If you are using Node.js without a framework, you must configure the `NodeSDK` directly. Here, it's more straightforward to use the `BraintrustSpanProcessor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Node.js without a framework, you must configure the `NodeSDK` directly. In this case, it's more straightforward to use the `BraintrustSpanProcessor`.
```
